# PrivacyPolicy

Last updated: October 03, 2023

This Privacy Policy outlines the methods and intentions regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your information during this research study. It also informs you of your privacy rights and the measures in place to safeguard your data.

Your personal data will be utilized solely for the purpose of this research, aimed at understanding Instagram users' behaviors. By participating in this study, you consent to the collection and use of your information in line with this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/).

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- __Affiliate__ refers to Columbia University's QMSS department.

- __Research__ refers to the master's thesis research on Instagram users' behaviors, conducted by Peizhi Zhang for Columbia University's QMSS department.



- __Researcher__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to a master's student at Columbia University's QMSS department.



- __Country__ refers to: New York,  United States

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.



- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.




- __Service__ refers to the Application.
	

- __Third-party Social Media Service__ refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).


- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.



# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name


- Usage Data


### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.


### Information from Third-Party Social Media Services

The research allows You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:

- Facebook
- Instagram


If You decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, We may collect Personal data that is already associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, such as Your name, Your email address, Your activities or Your contact list associated with that account.

You may also have the option of sharing additional information with the research through Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account. If You choose to provide such information and Personal Data, during registration or otherwise, You are giving the Company permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.








## Use of Your Personal Data

The research may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To manage Your Account:__ to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- __Master's Thesis Research__ to facilitate the completion of a Master's thesis on Instagram users' behaviors. This research seeks to understand patterns, preferences, and behaviors of users within the Instagram platform.
- __Business Insights__ To derive business-related insights from the analyzed data. These insights will strictly be for academic discourse within the paper and will not be utilized for any commercial or business advantage.

- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience. 

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:


- __With Affiliates:__ This research is being conducted under the guidance and supervision of the Quantitative Methods in the Social Sciences (QMSS) department at Columbia University. It is important to note that any information used in publications or presentations resulting from this research will be anonymized and aggregated. Individual users will not be identifiable from the presented data.

- __With Your consent__: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The research will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The research will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed and stored in secured locations under my supervision and in compliance with Columbia University's QMSS department guidelines and policies.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The research will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

This research may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data



### Law enforcement and Legal Obligations

While the primary intention of collecting this data is for academic research, there are certain circumstances where I might be legally obliged to disclose the gathered Personal Data:

- Legal Mandate: I may be required to disclose the Personal Data if mandated by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities, such as a court or a government agency.

- Protection of Rights: If there's a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect and defend rights, or to prevent or investigate potential violations or wrongdoing related to this research, the data may be shared.

- Safety Considerations: Should there be any genuine concerns about the personal safety of the Instagram users from whom the data was collected or the broader public, the data might be disclosed to address those concerns.

### Other legal requirements

The researcher may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.


















# Children's Privacy

This research does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.


# Links to Other Websites

This research may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:


- By email: peizhiz98@Gmail.com
